OSDOCS-5243 Adding CLI Manager docs (#81448)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-manager-installing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/cli_manager/cli-manager-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cli-manager-installing_{context}"]
= Installing the {cli-manager}

> 

Reviewer: You need an intro sentence here

.Prerequisites

* link:https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install[Krew is installed].
* You are logged in to {product-title} as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You are using {product-title} version 4.17 or later.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Create the required namespace for the {cli-manager}.
.. Navigate to *Administration* -> *Namespaces* and click *Create Namespace*.
.. Enter `openshift-cli-manager-operator` in the *Name* field and click *Create*.
+

. Install the {cli-manager}.
.. Navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.
.. Enter *{cli-manager}* into the filter box.
.. Select the *{cli-manager}* and click *Install*.
.. On the *Install Operator* page:

> ... The *Update channel* is set to *tech preview*, which installs the latest technology preview release of the {cli-manager}.

Reviewer: "Technology Preview" does always have to be capitalized, like the vale rule says

```suggestion
... The *Update channel* is set to *tech preview*, which installs the latest Technology Preview release of the {cli-manager}.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/cli_manager/cli-manager-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cli-manager-installing_{context}"]
= Installing the {cli-manager}

Install the {cli-manager} to facilitate adding CLI plugins in both connected and disconnected environments.

.Prerequisites

* link:https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install[Krew is installed].
* You are logged in to {product-title} as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Create the required namespace for the {cli-manager}:
.. Navigate to *Administration* -> *Namespaces* and click *Create Namespace*.
.. Enter `openshift-cli-manager-operator` in the *Name* field and click *Create*.

. Install the {cli-manager}:
.. Navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.

> .. Enter *{cli-manager}* into the filter box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. In the filter box, enter *{cli-manager}*.
```

.. Select the *{cli-manager}* and click *Install*.

> .. On the *Install Operator* page:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. On the *Install Operator* page, complete the following steps:
```

> ... The *Update channel* is set to *tech preview*, which installs the latest Technology Preview release of the {cli-manager}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
... Ensure that the *Update channel* is set to *tech preview*, which installs the latest Technology Preview release of the {cli-manager}.
```

> ... Select *A specific namespace on the cluster* and select *openshift-cli-manager-operator* from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
... From the drop-down menu, select *A specific namespace on the cluster* and select *openshift-cli-manager-operator*.
```

... Click *Install*.

> . Create the `CliManager` resource:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the `CliManager` resource by completing the following steps:
```

.. Navigate to *Installed Operators*

> .. Select the *{cli-manager}*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Select *{cli-manager}*
```

> .. Navigate to *Installed Operators*

Reviewer 3: Some of these have periods and others do not. Probably fix in a future PR.

.. Select the *CLI Manager* tab.
.. Click *Create CliManager*.
.. Use the default *Name*.
.. Click *Create*.

> ... The new `CliManager` resource will be listed under the *CLI Manager* tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
... The new `CliManager` resource is listed under the *CLI Manager* tab.
```
This might be splitting hairs, but is the resource on the tab or under the tab?

.Prerequisites

* link:https://krew.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user-guide/setup/install[Krew is installed].
* You are logged in to {product-title} as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Create the required namespace for the {cli-manager}.
.. Navigate to *Administration* -> *Namespaces* and click *Create Namespace*.
.. Enter `openshift-cli-manager-operator` in the *Name* field and click *Create*.
+

. Install the {cli-manager}.
.. Navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.
.. Enter *{cli-manager}* into the filter box.
.. Select the *{cli-manager}* and click *Install*.
.. On the *Install Operator* page:
... The *Update channel* is set to *tech preview*, which installs the latest technology preview release of the {cli-manager}.
... Select *A specific namespace on the cluster* and select *openshift-cli-manager-operator* from the drop-down menu.
... Click *Install*.
+

. Create the CliManager operand.
.. Navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.
.. Enter *{cli-manager}* into the filter box.
.. Select the *{cli-manager}*

> .. Select *CLI Manager*.

Reviewer 4: Instead should we say navigate to `InstalledOperators->click on cli-manager` ?Then click create climanager ?

.. Click *Create CliManager*.

> .. Use the default *Name* or input your own.

Reviewer 4: Not sure if input your own name works, suggest to say `use default Name` may be ?
